TODO:

- Export mu3 playlists (http://hanna.pyxidis.org/tech/m3u.html) 

  > Since there is only one field for 'name', and most people like >
  > something a little more well built, perhaps there could be a pref
  > setting for the format of the name. Also, unlike the example, I
  > imagine a fully-qualified location would be the best idea. Thank,
  (Robert Paskowitz)

- Ignore common words when sorting

  > I'm somewhat frustrated with the inconsistency between GTKPod and
  > the iPod itself, however. items in the iPod are sorted with "the"
  > as if it weren't there...
  (Alex Perez)

- Dangling/orphaned tracks
    - Delete dangling tracks right away -- they can cause an error
      message when exporting the iTunesDB. Instead display them in an
      info window.

    - Open a progress window to display information instead of the
      statusbar messages.


- "adjust volume by ...%" functionality

- Pattern matching for tag extraction from filename should also work
  from the beginning of the name towards the end, not only from the
  end to the beginning (clear?)


- multiple playlist delete, ctrl-d, wipe iPod.

   Unless I'm missing something, I think it would be handy to have a
   mulitple playlist delete capability, since it's quite tedious to
   have to delete playlists one at a time.

   Also I noticed ctrl-d didn't delete the playlists, which could be
   my setup, I'm using Debian Unstable.

   Finally in addition to mulitple playlist delete, how about a total
   wipe of the ipod (with lots of 'are you sure?'s) thus making it
   ready for a new setup.

   HTH.


- stable column sorting:
> BTW, the other thing that bothers me about gtkpod is that column sorting
> isn't stable.  AFAIK, gtk doesn't have a stable column sorting option. 
> Do you know of a good way to do this?  Basically I'd like to click
> "Track number", "Artist", "Album" then get everything sorted by
> album-artist-track. (request by David Helder, also by Stefan Onken)

> 1) Ich erstelle beim Import von MP3 die ID3 Tags aus den Dateinamen. 
> Dabei wuerde ich noch eine Vorschau ganz gut finden, in der man 
> ggf. noch manuell eingreifen kann. (Stefan Onken)

- Darren Zimerman
> As for improvements to gtkpod, the only one I can think of off the top 
> of my head would be to have a list of available playlists in the 
> right-click menu.  So instead of just "Add selection to new playlist", 
> there would actually be list of current playlists (perhaps in a sub-menu).


- immediate copying of added tracks to the iPod (when reading tracks
  over a slow network they will still be in the buffer memory and
  won't have to read over the network twice if they are copied right
  away) (request by Seth Arnold)

- album support (normalize all tracks of an album with the same gain)
   for volume normalization

- gtkpod-like browse of file system contents

- upload text notes to iPod

- add more progress dialogues (in general!)

- play track and enqueue track should update playcount and last played
  track's field. (Should be done by some plugin that tells gtkpod when
  a track has been played -- using either filename or md5
  checksum. Stefan Jol: "Perhaps the coverviewer plugin is a good
  basis.  It's a plugin that searches the internet for a picture of
  the cover with the song title and artist info. It's written in
  python.").

- add an option to let the user decide if all the gtkpod's
  playlist must be updated on export.

- on-the-fly resampling to a particular bit rate. I have 32 GB of
  songs be cause some of them at at 192, but I only need them at 128
  or so on the Ipod. Mus icmatch does this exact
  thing. (zumpicon@verizon.net) JCS: this could be done along with an
  arbitrary "conversion" on export: user provides a command line in
  the prefs dialogue that is executed instead of the simple copy
  command.

Please feel free to submit further features.


BUGLIST:

- Adam Pavlakovic (4th generation): 

> > Hey, I am using korganizer and the script included in gtkpod to
> > sync it, the only problem is that the ipod doesn't see it and even
> > though the file is in the Calendars folder in the ipod, it won't
> > be recognized and none of my dates will show up. Any help?


- "iTundesDB.ext could not be found" printed when "iTunesDB" could not
  be found (confusing).

- during a long operation (menues are blocked) the user can still edit
  the track data. This could potentially crash gtkpod -> need a way to
  block editing as well without blocking navigating.

- when copying tracks to the iPod (export iTunesDB) and the iPod is
  overfilled, libgtk sometimes segfaults (TreeModel changed but did
  not notify TreeView?)

- when deleting an entry in the last sort tab (of 2) sometimes gtkpod
  crashes

Please add/report bugs as you find them (jcsjcs at users dot
sourceforge dot net).
